Terms of Use - Adcart

1. The retargeting system is a software from Adcart to rescue of abandoned shopping carts and transactions not completed in virtual stores. The system works through two scripts made in JavaScript programming language.
2. For the purposes of these Terms of Use, "virtual stores" are the online sales websites, from where Adcart recovers the abandoned carts. “Partner sites” are the portals, websites and blogs that disclose the recovered carts; the portals have a script that recognizes the user and checks if it has an abandoned cart. If so, it shows the best cart for the Consumer. “Consumers”, in turn, are the end consumers, who access the virtual stores and partner sites, have access to the retargeting system and through it, have the opportunity to finalize the purchase of the products contained in the cart.
3. Adcart collects anonymous browsing data on several websites, without associate it with any identity. The “virtual stores”, partners of Adcart, which make use of the retargeting system must inform in their privacy policy that technology of a third party is being used for data collection (exclusively of browsing) for the purposes of analysis and customization of advertising or content. Adcart does not store personal data of consumers, nor has any access to the records of "virtual stores" or "partner sites".
4. Adcart, its partners and customers comply with the rules of the current legislation (in particular Law nº 12.965/2014 - Civil Framework), valuing the protection of privacy and personal data, in the form of law.
5. The websites of Adcart's partners and customers also make available their own Privacy Policies. Before using any of these online pages, be sure to review these policies. Adcart is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by these other websites.
6. Adcart, through the retargeting system, only allows the finalization of purchases not completed on partner sites. Adcart is not responsible for the purchase itself, nor for products acquired from partners.
7. Adcart is also not responsible for the content of the "partner sites", but only for the information contained in the ads generated by the retargeting system.
8. Adcart makes available the information collected through the ads, which appear on the pages of the “partner sites” when they are accessed. If you do not want our ads to be triggered, you can disable them via voluntary exclusion to stop seeing personalized ads from Adcart.
9. Adcart is not responsible for eventual invasions by hackers, crackers or similar that may alter, disclose, include or exclude any terms-information contained in the retargeting system.
10. The name of the retargeting system, its logo, as well as all the characteristic elements of the technology developed and presented here constitute registered trademarks and private intellectual properties and all rights arising from their registration are guaranteed by law.
11. The present Terms of Use will be governed by the laws of the Federative Republic of Brazil, being elected the Court of the District of São Paulo/SP as competent to settle any controversies originated from or derived from the use of the retargeting system.
12. Access to the retargeting system represents the express and unrestricted acceptance of the present Terms of Use. If you do not agree with these Terms, please, do not access the software and close the pop-up.